README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1> Evmos Apps Frontend </h1>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/evmos/apps/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License: ENCL-1.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ENCL--1.0-orange" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/evmos">
    <img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/809048090249134080.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/EvmosOrg">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow Evmos" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/EvmosOrg"/>
  </a>
</div>

The frontend of [Evmos Dashboard Apps](https://app.evmos.org). It contains apps to manage assets, staking and governance.

> https://app.evmos.org

## Repositories

- [Evmos Apps Frontend](https://github.com/evmos/apps)
- [Evmos Apps Backend](https://github.com/evmos/backend)

## Documentation

Pre-requisites:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v18.12.0 or higher)
- [Pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)

### Installation

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Development

```bash
pnpm dev
```

### Build

```bash
pnpm build
```

### Environment variables

The constants needed to run this project are located on `packages/evmos-wallet/src/internal/wallet/functionality/networkConfig.ts`.

The constants are setup to read from environment variables but there are also fallback default values hardcoded in this file.

If you need to change the value of any of these constants we recommend the following:

1. Copy the `.env.example` file located on the root directory into the base directory of the app you want to use with the name `.env.local`
   - For example: If you are working on the assets page copy this file in the path: `apps/assets`.
   - Note: if you are working with multiple apps you need to copy this file into every app you are using
2. Change the value of the env variables in the .env.local file you copied into the apps folder
3. Build and run the apps as highlighted by the instructions above

Certainly! Here's a more detailed version with separate sections for local and live testnets, as well as an introduction:

## Testnet Environment Setup

### Local Testnet

The CLI tool available in the `packages/testnet` package starts a local network for Evmos and Cosmoshub. It also sets up a relayer between the two using hermes.

Note that not all features are currently supported in this simulated environment. As of now, only the assets page transactions are compatible with this testnet mode.

#### Basic Setup

1. **Set Environment Variable**: Modify your `.env` file to include:

   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_TESTNET=true
   ```

2. **Start the Local Testnet**:
   Execute the command:

   ```
   pnpm testnet start
   ```

   This will initiate the local testnet setup the first time you call it, which takes about 2-3 minutes. Subsequent calls will reuse the existing configuration.

3. **Resetting the Local Testnet Setup**:
   To reset your local configuration, utilize the `--recreate` flag:
   ```
   pnpm testnet start --recreate
   ```
   This will remove the existing configuration and start over.

#### Custom Accounts on Local Testnet

Some accounts are preconfigured on the local testnet, you can access their
mnemonics and other details by calling `pnpm testnet accounts list`. Feel free to use these accounts for testing.

If you wish to setup a custom account, you can do so through the CLI tool, the following commands are available:

- **Add an Account**:

  ```shell
  pnpm testnet accounts add
  ```

  It will prompt you to enter a name, mnemonic, and an initial balance. It will suggest a random mnemonic if you leave it blank.

- **List Accounts**:
  ```shell
  pnpm testnet accounts list
  ```
- **Delete an Account**:
  ```shell
  pnpm testnet accounts delete
  ```
  It will prompt you to select an account to delete.

After registering new mnemonics or making modifications, utilize the `--recreate` flag to refresh and refill accounts.

#### Available tokens

- WIZZ: a test ERC-20 token registered on testnet
- Evmos: Evmos native token
- Cosmoshub: Cosmos native token

### Public Testnet

Currently we have support for Evmos and Osmosis public testnets.

#### Available tokens

- WIZZ: a test ERC-20 token registered on testnet
- Evmos: Evmos native token
- Osmo: Osmosis native token

## Community

The following chat channels and forums are a great spot to ask questions about Evmos:

- [Evmos Twitter](https://twitter.com/EvmosOrg)
- [Evmos Discord](https://discord.gg/evmos)
- [Evmos Forum](https://commonwealth.im/evmos)

## Contributing

Looking for a good place to start contributing?
Check out some
[`good first issues`](https://github.com/evmos/apps/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).

For additional instructions, standards and style guides, please refer to the [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

## Careers

See our open positions on [Greenhouse](https://boards.eu.greenhouse.io/evmos).

## Disclaimer

The software is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

## Licensing

Starting from April 21th, 2023, this repository will update its license to Evmos Non-Commercial License 1.0 (ENCL-1.0). For more information see [LICENSE](/LICENSE).

### SPDX Identifier

The following header including a license identifier in SPDX short form has been added in all ENCL-1.0 files:

```js
// Copyright Tharsis Labs Ltd.(Evmos)
// SPDX-License-Identifier:ENCL-1.0(https://github.com/evmos/apps/blob/main/LICENSE)
```

### License FAQ

Find below an overview of Permissions and Limitations of the Evmos Non-Commercial License 1.0. For more information, check out the full ENCL-1.0 FAQ [here](/LICENSE_FAQ.md).

| Permissions                                                                                                                                                                  | Prohibited                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| - Private Use, including distribution and modification<br />- Commercial use on designated blockchains<br />- Commercial use with Evmos permit (to be separately negotiated) | Commercial use, other than on designated blockchains, without Evmos permit |

Commit message:

add release instructions to readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1> Evmos Apps Frontend </h1>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/evmos/apps/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License: ENCL-1.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ENCL--1.0-orange" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/evmos">
    <img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/809048090249134080.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/EvmosOrg">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow Evmos" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/EvmosOrg"/>
  </a>
</div>

The frontend of [Evmos Dashboard Apps](https://app.evmos.org). It contains apps to manage assets, staking and governance.

> https://app.evmos.org

## Documentation

Pre-requisites:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v18.12.0 or higher)
- [Pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)

### Installation

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Development

```bash
pnpm dev
```

### Build

```bash
pnpm build
```

### Environment variables

The constants needed to run this project are located on `packages/evmos-wallet/src/internal/wallet/functionality/networkConfig.ts`.

The constants are setup to read from environment variables but there are also fallback default values hardcoded in this file.

If you need to change the value of any of these constants we recommend the following:

1. Copy the `.env.example` file located on the root directory into the base directory of the app you want to use with the name `.env.local`
   - For example: If you are working on the assets page copy this file in the path: `apps/assets`.
   - Note: if you are working with multiple apps you need to copy this file into every app you are using
2. Change the value of the env variables in the .env.local file you copied into the apps folder
3. Build and run the apps as highlighted by the instructions above

Certainly! Here's a more detailed version with separate sections for local and live testnets, as well as an introduction:

## Releasing

We use [changeset][https://github.com/changesets/changesets] to manage semver and release of our packages.

- To merge a feature, make sure to add a changeset to your PR by running `pnpm changeset add` and following the instructions.

- To create release PRs, make sure you don't have any uncommited change, then run `pnpm release dappstore`. If successful, the script will return two PR links.

## Testnet Environment Setup

### Local Testnet

The CLI tool available in the `packages/testnet` package starts a local network for Evmos and Cosmoshub. It also sets up a relayer between the two using hermes.

Note that not all features are currently supported in this simulated environment. As of now, only the assets page transactions are compatible with this testnet mode.

#### Basic Setup

1. **Set Environment Variable**: Modify your `.env` file to include:

   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_TESTNET=true
   ```

2. **Start the Local Testnet**:
   Execute the command:

   ```
   pnpm testnet start
   ```

   This will initiate the local testnet setup the first time you call it, which takes about 2-3 minutes. Subsequent calls will reuse the existing configuration.

3. **Resetting the Local Testnet Setup**:
   To reset your local configuration, utilize the `--recreate` flag:
   ```
   pnpm testnet start --recreate
   ```
   This will remove the existing configuration and start over.

#### Custom Accounts on Local Testnet

Some accounts are preconfigured on the local testnet, you can access their
mnemonics and other details by calling `pnpm testnet accounts list`. Feel free to use these accounts for testing.

If you wish to setup a custom account, you can do so through the CLI tool, the following commands are available:

- **Add an Account**:

  ```shell
  pnpm testnet accounts add
  ```

  It will prompt you to enter a name, mnemonic, and an initial balance. It will suggest a random mnemonic if you leave it blank.

- **List Accounts**:
  ```shell
  pnpm testnet accounts list
  ```
- **Delete an Account**:
  ```shell
  pnpm testnet accounts delete
  ```
  It will prompt you to select an account to delete.

After registering new mnemonics or making modifications, utilize the `--recreate` flag to refresh and refill accounts.

#### Available tokens

- WIZZ: a test ERC-20 token registered on testnet
- Evmos: Evmos native token
- Cosmoshub: Cosmos native token

### Public Testnet

Currently we have support for Evmos and Osmosis public testnets.

#### Available tokens

- WIZZ: a test ERC-20 token registered on testnet
- Evmos: Evmos native token
- Osmo: Osmosis native token

## Community

The following chat channels and forums are a great spot to ask questions about Evmos:

- [Evmos Twitter](https://twitter.com/EvmosOrg)
- [Evmos Discord](https://discord.gg/evmos)
- [Evmos Forum](https://commonwealth.im/evmos)

## Contributing

Looking for a good place to start contributing?
Check out some
[`good first issues`](https://github.com/evmos/apps/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).

For additional instructions, standards and style guides, please refer to the [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

## Careers

See our open positions on [Greenhouse](https://boards.eu.greenhouse.io/evmos).

## Disclaimer

The software is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

## Licensing

Starting from April 21th, 2023, this repository will update its license to Evmos Non-Commercial License 1.0 (ENCL-1.0). For more information see [LICENSE](/LICENSE).

### SPDX Identifier

The following header including a license identifier in SPDX short form has been added in all ENCL-1.0 files:

```js
// Copyright Tharsis Labs Ltd.(Evmos)
// SPDX-License-Identifier:ENCL-1.0(https://github.com/evmos/apps/blob/main/LICENSE)
```

### License FAQ

Find below an overview of Permissions and Limitations of the Evmos Non-Commercial License 1.0. For more information, check out the full ENCL-1.0 FAQ [here](/LICENSE_FAQ.md).

| Permissions                                                                                                                                                                  | Prohibited                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| - Private Use, including distribution and modification<br />- Commercial use on designated blockchains<br />- Commercial use with Evmos permit (to be separately negotiated) | Commercial use, other than on designated blockchains, without Evmos permit |
